fix(rdb): summer cleaning (#5388)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/managed-databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/manage-nodes.mdx

<Requirements />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- A [PostgreSQL or MySQL Database Instance](/managed-databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/quickstart/)

## How to change the node type

<Message type="important">
  If you have a Database Instance that uses a Local volume, and you want to upgrade to a node type that uses Block volumes, you must [change the volume type](/managed-databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/change-volume-type/) to Block Storage first.
</Message>

1. Click **PostgreSQL and MySQL** under **Databases** on the side menu. A list of your Database Instances displays.
2. Select the geographical region of the Instance you want to manage from the drop-down.
3. Click the name of the Database Instance you want to configure. Your database's Overview page displays.
4. Scroll down to the **Node settings** section. Then, click **Change node type**.
5. Choose the specifications of the new Database Instance from the drop-down list.

> 6. Click **Update node type** to confirm your choices.

Reviewer: instance status will be initializing during all the process

    <Message type="important">

>       Make sure that the Database Instance you choose provides sufficient disk space for your database. Otherwise, an error message will be displayed, and the database will not be upgraded.

Reviewer: only for local storage

    </Message>

> Changing the node type performs a rolling upgrade of your Database Instance. During this process, the Database Instance will be unavailable for several seconds.

Reviewer: May add a sentence that the process can takes lot of time if it is a local storage but the unavailability will be short (in another words, instance remains available during all the process except few seconds)

> ## Enable High Availability

Author: ```suggestion
## How to enable High Availability
```

You define your Database Instance's node configuration upon its [creation](/managed-databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/create-a-database). Two node configuration modes are available with PostgreSQL or MySQL Database Instances.

- **High Availability**: creates a secondary Instance with an up-to-date replica of the database. If the primary Instance fails, the secondary takes over requests.
- **Standalone**: a standalone database provisioned on a single node.

> If you are standalone mode, you can change the node configuration to High Availability in the console anytime.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are in standalone mode, you can change the node configuration to High Availability in the console at any time.
```

<Message type="important">
  Once you upgrade to the High Availability mode, you cannot revert to standalone.
</Message>

<Requirements />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- A [PostgreSQL or MySQL Database Instance](/managed-databases-for-postgresql-and-mysql/how-to/create-a-database/) in standalone mode.

1. Click **PostgreSQL and MySQL** under **Databases** on the side menu. A list of your Database Instances displays.
2. Select the geographical region of the Instance you want to manage from the drop-down.
3. Click the name of the Database Instance you want to configure. Your database's **Overview** page displays.
4. Scroll down to the **Node settings** section. Then, click **Activate High Availability**.
5. Review the new estimated cost.

> 6. Click **Activate**.

Reviewer: instance in initializong status. All other console action will not be available

    <Message type="note">

> Changing the node type performs a rolling upgrade of your Database Instance. During this process, the Database Instance will be unavailable for several seconds.

Reviewer: May add a sentence that the process can takes lot of time if it is a local storage but the unavailability will be short.
